README.md, before:

# ScreenD - Daemon with smaller daemons
Simple screen daemon written in Go.

## Installation
- `sudo su -`
- `mkdir -p /root/screend /root/screend/daemons && cd /root/screend`
- `wget https://github.com/OkaeriPoland/screend/releases/latest/download/screend`
- `chmod +x screend`
- `wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OkaeriPoland/screend/master/screend.sh`
- `mv screend.sh /etc/init.d/screend`
- `chmod 755 /etc/init.d/screend`
- `chown root:root /etc/init.d/screend`
- `update-rc.d screend defaults`
- `/etc/init.d/screend start`

## Updating
- `sudo su -`
- `cd /root/screend`
- `wget https://github.com/OkaeriPoland/screend/releases/latest/download/screend -O screend`
- `chmod +x screend`
- `/etc/init.d/screend restart`

## Removal
- `update.rc screend remove`
- `sudo rm -rf /root/screend /etc/init.d/screend`

## Configuration
To add own screen to screend create new .ini file in `/root/screend/daemons`, then run `/etc/init.d/screend restart`

```ini
[Screen]
name = Example Daemon
user = example

[Execution]
run_directory = /home/example
command = bash

[Daemon]
enabled = true
```

## Protip
As current installation method sucks, you can edit `screend.sh` and install screend in way you like. If you know what you are doing, of course.

Commit message:

Add basic logging for debug purposes and start hook command.

README.md, after:

# ScreenD - Daemon with smaller daemons
Simple screen daemon written in Go.

## Installation
- `sudo su -`
- `mkdir -p /root/screend /root/screend/daemons && cd /root/screend`
- `wget https://github.com/OkaeriPoland/screend/releases/latest/download/screend`
- `chmod +x screend`
- `wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OkaeriPoland/screend/master/screend.sh`
- `mv screend.sh /etc/init.d/screend`
- `chmod 755 /etc/init.d/screend`
- `chown root:root /etc/init.d/screend`
- `update-rc.d screend defaults`
- `/etc/init.d/screend start`

## Updating
- `sudo su -`
- `cd /root/screend`
- `wget https://github.com/OkaeriPoland/screend/releases/latest/download/screend -O screend`
- `chmod +x screend`
- `/etc/init.d/screend restart`

## Removal
- `update.rc screend remove`
- `sudo rm -rf /root/screend /etc/init.d/screend`

## Configuration
To add own screen to screend create new .ini file in `/root/screend/daemons`, then run `/etc/init.d/screend restart`

```ini
[Screen]
name = Example Daemon
user = example

[Execution]
run_directory = /home/example
command = bash
start_hook = "echo 'I will run after successful start, outside of the screen.' > /home/example/test.log"

[Daemon]
enabled = true
logging = false
```

## Protip
As current installation method sucks, you can edit `screend.sh` and install screend in way you like. If you know what you are doing, of course.
